c:\users\orochi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\MDI_Hospital.exe.config
c:\users\orochi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\MDI_Hospital.exe
c:\users\orochi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\MDI_Hospital.pdb
c:\users\orochi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\orochi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.wfMDI.resources
c:\users\orochi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\orochi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\orochi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.exe
c:\users\orochi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.pdb
c:\users\orochi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\dll_seguridad.dll
c:\users\orochi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\ODBCconnector.dll
c:\users\orochi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\dll_seguridad.pdb
C:\Users\orochi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\ODBCconnector.pdb
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\MDI_Hospital.exe.config
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\MDI_Hospital.exe
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\MDI_Hospital.pdb
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\dll_seguridad.dll
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\ODBCconnector.dll
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\dll_seguridad.pdb
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.wfMDI.resources
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.exe
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.pdb
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\dll_prueba.dll
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\dll_prueba.pdb
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\MDI_Hospital.exe.config
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.exe
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.pdb
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\MDI_Hospital.exe
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\MDI_Hospital.pdb
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\dll_seguridad.dll
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\Navegador.dll
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\ODBCconnector.dll
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\dll_seguridad.pdb
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.wfMDI.resources
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\obj\Debug\MDI_Hospital.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\dll_bitacora.dll
C:\Users\orochi\Desktop\Documentos a presentar\MDI_Hospital\MDI_Hospital\bin\Debug\dll_bitacora.pdb
